Ready!
Since our animation is ready,
In this last lesson we will
give you postprocessing tweaks
and finally render.
First let's add the
reflection to our character,
which is something we
propose from our styleframe
and we didn't
consider it in the animation,
but we are going to add it now.
We will enter the first
scene and we will duplicate
our precomp of the
character, we will put another color
and we are simply going to
reverse it with the scale.
We will give it -100% in the Y
and we will place it on the floor.
It is the advantage of having
all character
animation in a single precomp,
we simply duplicate that and we
already have what happens in there.
We will give this color a reflection
which can be similar
or exactly the same
that we have in the
reflection of the showcase.
We are going to capture this
color by creating a new figure
and we will use the
eyedropper and we will copy this color.
To the layer of the reflection
we can put Color Correction, Tint.
We will give the same
color code to both colors.
And there we have a
reflection for our character.
We are going to have to
do it with this part too.
We make sure to place the
reflection below the comps,
This way you don't
overlap with the character.
We could give this reflex, if
we wanted, different treatments.
We could, for example, put a Blur
if we want the reflection
of the floor is not so clear.
Or maybe we can use Scatter,
I've used it a lot lately
because it generates a
blur, but with points,
That is interesting there.
But, for now, I seem to
keep this style very flat.
because we don't use any
gradient, no blur elsewhere.
I copy this color for reference
and we continue to
apply the reflection.
I just realized
that the boot animation
It's not in a precomp,
so let's do that first.
Yes now.
Finally, the last scene.
And so I think we would
be with all the reflexes.
Then, this black color,
I think it could be a
color similar to this.
Since we don't use
black anywhere else.
It can be this same color.
For now it's ok.
If they want to end up with a
degree, the credits, whatever.
Once we have all the
animation as we want it,
We can add some effects.
We will create a new
composition based on this,
I usually call him ...
Post because it is postprocessed.
This is going to be the
composition that we will finally render.
The Comp took her to precomps.
I usually add a couple
of details as an effect
to try to make this
image a little softer
and take her away from
this hard vector look.
To begin, I first apply a
small chromatic aberration.
I do this like this:
I double the precomp
already the first precomp,
I go to Layer Styles
and apply any of these,
It is not important
because we are going to delete
the layer style we just added
and the only thing that matters to
us is to show us the Layer Styles
with Blending options.
I don't know if there is
another way for this to appear alone
because if we don't add
any style to the layer,
There is no way to see this, but I
do it this way and it is very easy.
Once inside Blending
Options, we go to Advanced Blending
and we have red, green and blue.
Let's hide the green and the blue
to leave only red.
If we see this image,
it will look like this.
What we are going to do is the
opposite with the image above,
with the one above.
We copy the Layer Styles
and we will paste them here.
We will show all but red.
Let's hide the red, Off in the red.
In the Green and in the
Blue we are going to put On.
So, when we show both
images at the same time,
you see the image as we
had it at the beginning,
that is, with all overlapping colors.
The magic of this begins
when we move a layer of place,
which is distorted as
if they were 3D lenses.
So what we do with
this is a subtle shift.
I move this one pixel to the side
and this generates
us some rims of color
next to each object.
This gives it a slightly
more photographic look,
Even if it is subtle.
It's like adding a small error feature
So that it becomes more organic.
All these kinds of things
are to everyone's taste,
so everyone can apply
the effects they want
or not apply any kind of effects.
In fact, five years or ten years ago,
maybe I would have
put a bullet like that
that darkens the edges,
but I don't like that
anymore and it's not used so much.
It is increasingly used to
leave the style quite flat,
but I like to add a little noise
and I do that by adding
a solid that has a gray,
that is, it should be 50% gray.
This means that if we add a
noise effect to this layer,
let's say 10%,
We are going to give
you Layer mode, Overlay,
and it will be applied on the
background without distorting the colors much.
The good thing about
wearing a gray cape with Overlay
is that light colors
don't affect us so much
and it doesn't add
noise in light colors,
that sometimes we want to keep
Very pure whites and very blacks.
Let's put this layer Noise.
Another thing that was used a
lot, although now a little less,
It is a little
distortion at the edges.
I keep using that
because I like to
avoid these straight edges.
So, we add a new adjustment layer
having a distortion
effect, Turbulent Displace.
What it does is deform us with
a pattern throughout our image.
What we are going to do
is configure this a bit.
We will put the size very low
So you have barely broken edges.
Maybe we lower this a bit
so you don't have so much.
We can add little complexity
So you have more detail.
Something like that is fine.
For me, this effect
has to be very subtle
and leave the edges
somewhat sloppy but not too much.
The Noise seems to me to be very
strong, we are going down a five.
If we want to animate
the Turbulent Displace,
as it is done many times,
We have to avoid
encouraging evolution.
I will increase this so that
the example is noticed, only.
Then we lower it.
If we change the evolution, we
notice as if we look underwater.
That is not the
effect we want to achieve.
What we want to achieve
is that at every moment
This turbulence looks
different, as it was made by hand.
What we are going to do is
play with the Random Seed.
We are going to give Alt + Click
to this and if we put Time for 500,
This is going to make another
Random Seed for each painting.
Then, in each frame this
will change as if it were new.
If we give this
Play, it moves very fast.
Over there what we can do is,
We are going to tell
this expression to change,
not once per frame, that is,
24 times per second, but less.
So, at the beginning of the
expression we will go to Global
and we will put posterizeTime.
We put a semicolon to separate that
and in Frames per second we
will put eight or four, maybe.
So, this makes all this expression
be postponed to
four frames per second.
So, if we advance several
frames, it won't change us
until it changes
four times per second.
If we give Play, let's
see that this changes,
but less frequently.
Something like that can work.
If we go back to this, to make it more
subtle, maybe it can stay on the edge.
This also helps us add some variety
to static images
and that looks a
little more like he's alive.
Finally, I experiment
a little with color.
I add a Adjustment layer
and try a couple of things.
Maybe change the balance a bit.
We make the character appear
and turn it a little to the side.
Maybe the background
we like a little greener
or more for the blue side.
We can play with that.
In this case, this
range convinces me a lot,
but I think we can
give it a little contrast.
So, I'm going to add some curves.
I will try to raise blacks a bit,
flatten them and lift over here.
Maybe something like that,
but the curves not only
give brightness contrast,
but saturate the colors.
So, if we put it in
Luminosity layer mode,
It affects us over value.
Let's see what the part
of the face looks like,
It is important that
the character looks good.
This maybe makes the
colors close to white
flatten and approach with white.
So, I’m going to see if I
get a little down there,
so we give more contrast in the face.
I like it there a lot.
This, however, is a
matter of trying a little.
I like it there, but I think
the dark ones were very black.
Maybe something like that.
This I think helps separate a little
the character in the background
and make it a little brighter.
When we are happy with what we add,
We can go to the renderer.
With Control + Shift + 0
we show the render queue
and generally what I do is take out
a version in
Quicktime without compression.
After out in the Media
Converter, I pass it to MP4.
So, here we go to
Custom and choose Quicktime.
It can be Animation
or recently Windows is allowed ProRes,
which is very good
so we can get a ProRes out of here
and then "encode" to
MP4 whenever we want.
With this lesson we
finish our final project.
Remember that this
process should not be so linear,
if they must return to previous
stages, they can do it to correct things.
In the next unit, I will share tips
to further improve your animations.